Enable resolver ver2 (#224)
rust-embedded-community/ssd1306: CHANGELOG.md

- Update examples

### Fixed

> - Switch to resolver ver2; it fixes compilation issues when `async` feature enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Switch to resolver version 2. This fixes compilation issues when the `async` feature is enabled.
```
